{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Optima-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\sl288\slmult1\sb160\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
        Cast: Three characters are present on the Valkyrie: Janet, Rover and Elva the Cleaning Lady. \
\
* Elva was introduced in the first paragraph of RDO, and she's based on one of the janitors who worked late nights at the institution where I did my doctoral research. She's a chain smoker, a hypochondriac, a grandmother, an ex-marine, and anything else we need her to be. We could consider a few explanations about how she ended up on board such as hitting her head on a bulkhead before launch, breathing in a bad mixture of cleaning chemicals, etc., but whatever the explanation, she isn't found until after the first Casimir jump, and for logistic reasons (or perhaps because they don't want to attract attention from Earth), Valkyrie can't turn back. The story is told from Elva's perspective, which is convenient for avoiding technobabblecreep: she's the ship's janitor and aside from a general familiarity with the technology of her time, she isn't too sophisticated; in fact, she's something of a luddite. It's reasonable for her and the player to learn as they go. To make it interesting, Elva also isn't a very good reader. Not so much illiteracy or dyslexia -- more a matter of experimental drugs, oxygen deprivation, attitude and lack of patience.  LOVE the idea of Elva being the player/narrator!  Perhaps we could split up the plot and allow the player to play Janet and Rover at other points too -- much like photopia, but not quite as schitzophrenic.  More like Hitchhiker's guide.  -Ben Collins-Sussman 10/14/09 10:54 AM \
* Janet - Appointed to Head of MARSpace after events in RDO. She has issues with the loss of Tomasz and betrayal by David. She has not enjoyed the limelight, nor her increased responsibilities as director of MARSpace; really, she'd rather be coding. She insisted on piloting Valkyrie alone on this mission, ostensibly because of concern about Casimir jumping living organisms, but also because she wanted to get away from it all. Janet has more-than-human knowledge about the way Valkyrie works because after the mission, a diff was created between the ACUs mental state and Janet's at the time of her earlier synaptic scan. The fork was remerged, giving Janet awareness of what it was like to be the ACU, and of everything that the ACU experienced. Janet is still trying to fully integrate that experience.\
* Rover - In order to find out what the ROVER had experienced, the same process was performed merging the ROVER memories on top of Rover's. To verbalize these memories, Rover himself required an upgrade -- a cybernetic implant to expand his memory and to perform higher order cognitive functions. He also needed a verbal center to express himself. Here, Janet was able to pull some of her early work from graduate school in which Tomasz had served as her test subject. Consequently, Rover not only talks like Tomasz, but due to the holographic nature of human memory storage, he has acquired some of Tomasz's memories and personality. The Rover/Janet relationship should offer a lot of room for exploration.  Ooooh, awesome character tension... -Ben Collins-Sussman 10/14/09 10:55 AM \
* Valkyrie has been updated to maintain itself, but is no longer sentient.\
Schtick: \
    * Brief exposition; introduction of Elva\
\
* Everyone has a communicator/implant -- this allows everyone to talk/listen regardless of where they are (on/off camera). This means that short Rover/Janet conversations can occur in metatext when they aren't directed to/from Elva.\
    * Rover and Janet find something interesting on the planet, take a shuttle down, tell Elva not to touch anything.\
    * The Lysithians arrive, capture Rover/Janet; Elva hears everything   As I babbled earlier, I think the Lysithians can be all the more mysterious (and menancing) if their existence is kept "offstage" -- allowing our player's imagination to fill in the details of just how scary they are.  -Ben Collins-Sussman 10/14/09 10:56 AM \
    * stuff happens...\
\
}