{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Optima-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\sl288\slmult1\sb160\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 More character-driven.\

\b0 One of the big 'challenges' I want to get into is developing exciting, humorous, *believable* NPCs in Inform7 -- a task that is near and dear to Emily Short's own research efforts.  This is a real challenge and there's a lot of prior work to study and build on.   Character relationships should be at the heart of the story.
\i \
\

\i0\b Conversational Focus\

\b0 In writing the sequel I'd like to make a very conscious effort to be efficient in terms of writing time -- this is more of an issue this year since I won't have a long, European vacation all summer in 2010. The writing for RDO was broad and deep -- there's stuff in there that no one will ever hit, but I enjoyed putting it in for that 1/100 person that will randomly try to surrender in French, attempt to sudo the ACU, etc. While I enjoy these Easter Eggs, I'd like to 
\b focus on game elements that are likely to be seen
\b0 , and to smoothly highlight those elements so that the amount of time spent working on a section is mirrored by player exposure those sections. 
\b Every object will still have strong depth of description
\b0 , but overall, I'd like to pick our battles more selectively. I
\b f we chose one item to focus our firepower on in this game, I'd like it to be conversation
\b0 . It's an IF holy grail, and something that not many people can do well. There's also room for innovation (see section "conversation").\
\

\b Less hard sci-fi, more ethical/moral tensions\

\b0 Emily Short believes that good sci-fi is mainly about the question of what it means to be human, and/or ethical/moral;  the science merely provides the interesting scenario in which to examine these issues.\
\

\b Strong upfront player engagement\
\
Episode should stand alone, as well as work as sequel\

\b0 \

\b Some analogue of the remember verb\

\b0 \

\b "Building sense of urgency" \'97 which Emily liked so much.   
\b0 \
Probably comes from years of Nascrag end-of-round-2-death-trap scenarios.  But a bit of nail-biting (like the boarding scene) is good once per adventure.  :-)  A golden banana of discord.  Literally.  -Ben Collins-Sussman 10/14/09 11:35 AMHah! -john welch 10/15/09 11:11 PM \
\

\b Some of the props from RDO should appear \

\b0 -- e.g., Janet's oversize blue futon should end up in her bedroom on the ship.\
\
\

\b\fs42 NON-GOALS \'97 AVOID THESE!
\b0\fs26 \
Waking up with a hangover, in a cave, speaking only German.\
Boredom and repetition.\
Anything that will lose the fickle faith of the judges/players in the first ten minutes.\
Obvious technomasturbation \'e0 la this year's unix command line, man pages, etc.\
Multiple character perspectives.\
}