{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Optima-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\sl288\slmult1\sb160\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Rover and Janet have been captured by the Lysithians, with either backstory or flashbacks filling in how they arrived at that situation. The dog-like minions of the Lysithians presume that Rover is in charge, and that Janet is his servant. Janet and Rover need to escape, learn about the Lysithians, and get the message back to Mars.Flash Gordon alert.  :-)   \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\sl288\slmult1\sb160\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 To elaborate:  I think IF works best when you can force things into a "exploring solo" scenario.  One of the big games of good IF, I think, is to try and come up with a justification for solo adventuring/exploration that doesn't feel utterly contrived.  (Hence the comments about "My Apartment" games.)  I get very worried at "big groups of people capturing other big groups of people" -- it works fine as a Rileycon adventure with 2 DMs and 10 players, but seems awfully tricky to pull off in an IF medium.   -Ben Collins-Sussman 10/14/09 11:01 AM\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\sl288\slmult1\sb160\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 Oct 18, 2009\
\
John:\
We want to avoid the "twin banalities" in this game. It's easy enough to strand Elva on the ship ("Now, don't touch anything until we get back!"), but we don't want that to smell too much of either Apartment or Spacecraft setting. We've got to get her somewhere else, and that choice of setting is going to be a major driver for the game. The obvious candidate is another site on Aurora, at some distance from Rover and Janet.\
\
Ben:\
Yes indeed, I think the plot should mainly involve 2 or 3 characters simultaneously exploring the planet -- either the fields, the technology/bots left behind to manage the crops, alien ruins, etc.  We can even flip perspectives between playing different characters, and then somehow tie their discoveries or paths together.\
\
 }