{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Optima-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\sl288\slmult1\sb160\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0  I like conveying information via dialogue, but the medium is not very well suited to long passages. Most of the David/Janet dialogue was short exchanges, and I think this works well. It will have more of a game versus literary feel, but I'm comfortable making that design decision.\
On conversation systems: Originally, I didn't like menu-drive conversation because it seemed to take too much freedom away from the player. I did both ask/show/tell and menu-driven in 9/10ths, and the ask/tell system is used exclusively in RDO. After the RDO experience, it's more clear to me that both approaches are closed systems. After phototopia and others, I'm leaning in favor of the menu-driven approach because it can give a stronger voice to the characters. It may impinge on the agency of the player, but we'll have to be sensitive to that issue.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\sl288\slmult1\sb160\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Here's an idea that has been percolating in my head for a while: \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\sl288\slmult1\sb160\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 In the early game, Elva meets up with Rover and Janet, and their dialogue takes place on screen, as usual.\
Before Janet and Rover go on their away mission, Janet hooks everyone up with little hats which can turn thoughts into radio broadcasts -- not every thought, thoughts which are verbalized. She does this in order to assure that they have a constant "hands free" link. When the link goes active, I'd like to dedicate some screen real estate to Elva, Janet and Rover. It may be a challenge to do this in ways that 1) work on smaller screens (mobile devices in particular), 2) don't break glk, 3) keep the timing and relationship between thoughts clear, and 4) allow for some scroll-back in case things went by too quickly.\
One possible way to do this would be to have three parallel one line windows at the top or bottom (a little like Earl Grey's commentary) and to scroll the buffer right to left, like a news ticker. It might take some doing (bordering on glx-machine abuse) to get the line to slide back and forth. If the space were two characters high, we could use more traditional scroll bars (indeed, you'd expect these to be implemented by the interpreter, an expectation that certainly won't be met on the low-end glk implementations).\
For instance see this picture.\
Having the mind-link does a few things for us -- it gives us a reason to keep Rover & Janet in "conversation scope" over a larger proportion of the game. The more exposure we have to David and Janet, the better we can do in terms of character exploration. However, since their dialogue is not directly inline, it means that they can carry on, make external comments, etc., without derailing Elva's descriptive text and actions. We get solo-exploration, but keep a social element.\
By making the link rely on radio, we can limit the effect when we want, and have some fun. For instance, there could be a one-turn speed-of-light delay in conversation when Rover/Janet are a planet away from Elva. Kind of an auditory Byzantine Perspective.\
I'd like to use menu-drive text for PC speech. The menu can either come up in reaction to something the NPC does/says, or directly when the player says to "talk to..." someone.\
\
}