{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Optima-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Greyish-brown liquid swirls gently, mixing with a purple puddle only inches from your nose. The liquid feels cool against the throbbing left side of your head which rests on the metallic floor.\
\
>about\
[about text, help, credits, etc.]\
\
>x me\
You are wearing a blue jumpsuit, just like everyone else at work. On the front, there's a MARSpace symbol and below that, some writing: Elva Foxtree, Janitor.\
\
>i\
You are wearing a jumpsuit. In your pockets, you have:\
    * A MARSpace employee card.\
    * A Veteran's card\
    * A minimed dispenser\
    * A memory locket\
    * A neocigar\
\
>search pockets\
You find a MARSpace employee badge, a Veteran's card, a minimed dispenser, and a memory locket.\
\
>x badge\
A hologram of your head rotates slowly above the badge, which identifies you as:\
FOXTREE, ELVA\
EMPLOYEE 000005\
SERVICE ENTRY 8 JAN 2353\
CUSTODIAL TECHNICIAN, 1ST CLASS\
CLEARANCE: ALLOW ALL\
\
>x card\
Your original card from MinVet is worn and faded, but its certifications never fail to impress citizens in the food queues or at MARSmed: Four years service in the translunar war as a Bluesuit, three more in the Belt Mutiny as a volunteer, and just seven years ago, a Leadership commendation in the War of Martian Independence. You are proud that the card also note your active reserve status (good for 20% additional discount on treatments at MARSmed).\
\
>x dispenser\
A silvery tube with an orange button on one end, and an opening on the other.\
\
>x opening\
You can't see far into the dispenser. The opening is where the pills come out.\
\
>press orange\
You press the orange button and wave the dispenser over your body. It takes a bit longer than usual to synthesize whatever it thinks you need, and little white pill pops out.\
\
>x pill\
A small, round disc with no writing on it.\
\
>eat pill\
You chew the pill carefully to avoid damaging any of your dental work. You feel less lightheaded and stiff, and your aches and pains are almost back to usual.\
\
>press orange\
You press the orange button and wave the dispenser over your body. All you get from the dispenser is a curt beep, indicating that it doesn't think you need anything else right now.\
\
>x locket\
Can the walk down memory lane wait a minute? You're lying on the floor of a gahbedanked spaceship in puddle of grape-scented chemicals and the last thing you remember is cleaning the Galley during the prelaunch check. Surely, your granddaughter would understand it you looked at her gift later. Besides, without your glasses, you couldn't really see much anyhow.\
\
>x suit\
Drab blue, with a single zipper running down the front. The suits aren't much on looks, but they're tough, made of the same stuff as the underwear you used to wear back in the Marines. Actually, it's gotten a lot softer since then.\
\
>x insignia\
The new one -- Arun Mackay approved it twenty years ago when he was director of MARSpace. The insignia is a cheap fabric patch showing a rocket blasting off from Mars. You prefer the older patches that had the word "MARSpace" on them, so they actually told you something useful. They were also better made and had brighter colors (or maybe the colors are the same, but your eyesight's gotten worse).\
\
>x floor\
It's too close to your face to see much of it beyond the multicolored puddle in which your head is soaking. The floor smells horrible.\
\
>smell floor\
Against your better judgement, you take a deep breath and cough hoarsely, choking on the fumes rising off the floor. You almost wretch, but then you consider all the other things that you've ingested in your life and managed not to throw up. The raw, burning chemical smell isn't any worse that the smell of the inside of the waste urea processor; no, what gets you is the mixture of that smell plus grape flavoring.\
\
>stand\
You flex your legs slightly, trying to work the arthritis out of your knees and your hips. You hope your back doesn't spasm. As you push up from a sideways sitting position, you feel lightheaded and disoriented. The room darkens. You ease yourself back down to the floor. At your age, you've learned to take things slowly when need be.\
\
>look\
The room is sideways. And blurry. Light glints off something in the middle of the puddle in front of you.\
\
>e\
You don't quite have your bearings -- you can't even see straight.\
\
>x shiny\
Without your glasses you can't really make out what it is.\
\
>get shiny\
You pick up your glasses and wipe off the gook. As you slide them on, the room comes into focus and a heads-up display activates. Ah, you are in the Galley. That would make sense, as that's the last place you were working. Two of the maintenance gorillas had been making some last minute mods down here and had spilled something all over the floor. That's right. The prima donna director of MARSpace had ordered the kvas dispenser to be replaced by grape soda. Another of her eccentric whims -- as if taking her Frankenstein dog along on the flight wasn't bad enough. Grape soda. Disgusting. A purplish, grape-smelling haze hangs in the air.\
\
GALLEY\
The ship's galley combines a small functional kitchen with a cozy eating area: about what you'd expect to be allocated to a factory family with a couple kids. During the Valkyie's refit, you were surprised to see them install such an elaborate kitchen considering that most of the meals would be  self-preparing. Another of Janet's eccentricities, you suppose. The fridge, stove, sink and cabinet are built into one wall, and a small table and two benches extend from the opposite wall. A caustic grape-scented miasma wafts through the Galley. Stairs lead slightly up and to the north towards the living module. \
\
On the floor, there is a white plastic bottle, an orange plastic bottle and a purple soda syrup tank. A mop is also here. The floor is partially covered by a brownish-purple puddle which has been partially mopped up.\
\
>x white\
The bottle is labeled "Stain Nuker", and has a brilliant animated mushroom cloud on the front. Despite what the rest of the cleaning crew says about skin irritation-this and carcinogen-that, there's no arguing the fact that Stain Nuker gets the job done -- and quickly. You must have used the whole bottle on this spill. There's lots of writing on the label, in small print.\
\
>read small print\
It sounds like a committee of lawyers and chemists wrote this stuff. Octa-decyl-ammonio-boloney-avocado-chemical-something-dioxide... well ventilated... dilute 1:1000 prior to use.. at your own risk... no fitness of purpose implied or stated... blah blah... known teratogen... anaphylaxis, skin sloughing, and brain damage... it doesn't say much really. Oh, here. This part. This must be important because it's in red: DO NOT MIX WITH OTHER CLEANING AGENTS. WILL EVOLVE TOXIC VAPOR IF MIXED WITH HALIDE-CONTAINING something or other. Then there are a lot of other words with numbers in them and who to call if bad stuff happens, and a lot of other useless crap that they had to put on the label because some bureaucrat had nothing better to do that day.\
\
>x orange bottle\
Manny told you about this stuff last week. It doesn't really have a name because it's not something they can sell in stores. He told you the name, "iodo-chloro-poly-goobledegook" or some such, but the point is that it is the best metal polisher in town. He told you not to put too much of it anything structural, but aside from that, you figure you can use it anywhere you need something cleaned fast. Looks like you used the whole bottle on this job because you were trying to go fast, right before the launch.\
\
>x tank\
A plastic tank that either started out purple or was stained that way by the grape soda syrup that it contained. The tank is lying the floor, empty.\
\
>x floor\
Quite a mess. A muddy mixture of heavy duty cleaning agents and grape soda.\
\
>x fridge\
A stainless steel fridge is set into the bulkheads. It has a single door and no status indicators, although you can tell from the hum that it's on.\
\
>open fridge\
The movement makes you feel nauseous and light-headed.\
\
>u\
You reach towards the stairs that lead of the galley, and you nearly black out from the attempt. Again, little black and white dots spin chaotically as you move your head back and forth.\
\
>x oven\
The stove is a CuisinSmart 7000. Not quite as expensive as a Cupertino SmartRange, but still something you'd only expect to see in the official quarters of a member of the Politburo or a MARSdep head. The stove has a cooking surface, and above that a combination fan and light source. Sensing that it is being stared at, the stove asks you, "Hello, madame. I am pleased to have this opportunity to make your acquaintance. Please pardon my forwardness, but I have been waiting some time for you to recover consciousness in order that I might present myself formally to you. I am CuisinSmart Culinary Appliance Designation 7000 Serial Number Zed-05-stroke-J. To converse with me, say "TALK TO" followed by my name.\
\
>talk to stove\
The stove replies patiently, "That is not my designation. My designation is Culinary Appliance Designation 7000 Serial Number Zed-05-stroke-J."\
\
>tell the stove to/s+[go]/s*[a-z]+/sitself.$\
I regret, madame, that I lack the means to perform that self-referential action.\
\
>talk to CuisinSmart Culinary Appliance Designation 7000 Serial Number Zed-05-stroke-J\
[1] "Um. This isn't working for me, can I call Sue?"\
[2] "Ovens shouldn't talk. Now shut up, and let me think my way of this mess."\
[3]" I don't need a chef, I need a doctor."\
[4] "Don't call me madame, it makes me grumpy. My name's Elva."\
[0] To say nothing. }